prince here.
We're going to discuss aboard Get past module.
See this Get post model consist off two important functions they are Get pass and get user
See another if you want to see what are there?
Different functions are there with your model.
What you're to do simply first entered into your python.
Then why do you import that model?
Get past.
But I'm giving some Ah wrong Model him.
Get past for something.
See that what you're getting in or put us model not phone at a no model name called You are
get past Because not only this if any model is not presented with the order Biden's off
Very really throw this error right?
If this model is that they don't want you any other then immediately we know that we can
run Get pass the air of that so that it is going to released all they were functions and
variables which are dairy with your model.
But if we other here there are two models to functions with this they are like get past and
get user.
These are very,
very important from this Get model,
right?
See there then what is the uses of get bus.
See,
generally to read some string we're using input syntax in your fight on on with input
syntax,
whatever you're typing on your common line.
I mean,
while providing input it is displaying on your terminal.
Let me write Simple by done school first.
My intention is I want to read a password.
Read boss work.
Right for that,
I am going to write a simple python script.
Be clear here.
My intention is I want to read a password.
So you know that whenever if you're reading a password issue while typing that password on
your common lane,
if you don't display,
then that is good,
right?
First of all,
let me one day my password or some DB.
Plus what?
I'm taking database parts.
What he calls to input.
Enter your password.
Right.
Let me save it and run it.
So I'm going to run this strip really past Darby.
Wait.
Enter your password.
I mentoring support some password,
db 123 password.
So actually produce buzzword.
Try to a wide displaying your password while typing on your common land.
Then that is a good practice.
But with your normal input syntax,
you can't do that,
right?
That's why what I'm doing is see that one.
I'm going.
I'm going to import the model cord.
Let me come in this line.
Our noble unjust delegate Try to import for us to get past model.
Then I'm going to read Devi password first up there.
There.
Cool.
Get past dot Get bus,
right,
That's it.
Mostly there.
I'm going to run this script,
right.
Let me run it.
I'm running cities asking by default password as the prompt.
But I'm typing here.
You are not able to see that done so whatever you're typing and guess if you want to see
just for verification just for your edification After reading just I do printed act so that
it will be clear to understand this,
right?
So print I will do one thing.
The entered password is right.
I'm going to print that so that I can get clarity varieties reading password or not.
Right.
Let me run this So I'm going to run it.
What happened?
Okay.
I started with single quotation.
Sorry.
Double condition on any with testing liquidation in your print statement.
So now it's good.
No,
I'm running.
See the airport first of what it is asking Password.
Grace.
It's a very to see if cold as well,
right?
Read past our people.
This is your court.
What you're doing very first,
your important get past.
Why I'm imposing importing this get past model Because I'm using that in my court.
That's why before using always here to import.
Yes,
I did.
No.
This is like your input.
Syntax only you have input,
right?
Same way Get past that.
Get passed with parentheses.
This is a function.
Oh,
because off this right,
What you're going to get is you're going to get some problem.
That is password.
No,
I'm wondering BB some password.
See,
that isn't No.
Let me rely on.
And I'm going to provide.
Suppose Let's say fight on as password.
Not so.
Why giving your password to your skip?
You're not displaying that you're not echoing on your terminal.
That is actually good practice,
but never if you're probably password night.
Fine.
No.
Seemed biting for you.
Our get past giving prompt us password.
But instead of password.
If you want to provide any other from yes,
you can probably I see for that.
Want you hardly is nothing is there simply right?
Prom?
Because to entity wouldn t be password.
That's it.
Now let me say we turned on it and see the old would know what you're going to get.
Enter your Debus by default past,
get passes giving prompt us password.
But if you want to change your prom,
you can change it in this way.
That's a I saw the way to read your password in your real time,
Right?
See,
guys,
whatever the core you are having here,
same core.
You can run on your index elect systems as well.
Let me copy it.
I'm going to open my land X box.
So this is Lennox,
right?
Sorry,
Lennox.
Know what I'm doing is read.
Twas would not be way Copy and paste it.
Save it.
Run days.
So on my UNIX How given my piped on three as pipe on three.
Not like those right then it's was working like but you know the next like systems.
You know you have a ship dangling concert You can are your python part our very first line
in the script In this way,
that is safe.
Ah,
hash excellently.
Then you're part off fight on then pro.
Where the exclusion Permission for your script.
Then you can run now You're skipping this way.
Ended up providing bite on space to a script name?
Not so right.
Fine.
So days that is about ah get passed from your get past model.
But you're also having get user.
So this is also your function.
The purpose of this function is it displays the log in name of the user.
This function checks the environment Variables like log name,
user name and user name in order in order.
Right.
So first it will go on check aboard Log name.
Is there any value set for log name variable in your operating system?
Then it will fetch that as a user name.
Then it will go In case if it is not there love name variable is not there or if it is
empty then you're fighting Will go on check User variable Likewise,
It will check all those things see on finally returns the value off the first non empty
string.
So you how year Multiple variables from your operating system These all all your operating
system variables.
So why using this function?
Fight on what it will do means fighting will go and check this value.
If this values said that while lived well written if it is not that or if it is indeed then
by then we'll go and check user variable like ways.
Right?
See that?
Let me weapon my treadmill here So this biting for it if you observe that is a who suppose
in UNIX like systems you had command called Who am I study Cool I'm I easy to user So I log
with this system with the user to user right?
Not true Bite on Also you can get it Let me they really show you from your fight on thermal
So import get bus Let me print or let yeah get us Don't get user that they said output like
so I'm not sure whether you know this Come in on your windows are not if you don t and we
command somewhere you How that mean Grip it Grip Easy to iPhone user C l log name is there
right?
Our user variable is there,
So what?
You're part and we'll do means whenever If you are running your command get positive get
user from your fight on your part.
And we come to on interact with your operating system where it was like user,
right log name and whatever the value house set for this by your operating system that
value your fight on will display.
Right?
So they simply the advantage off your get to use a reason nothing but automatically you
confined or the logging user for your operating system.
That's it.
Okay,
so in General,
Gaudio's are actually get past is very,
very important.
Because just to read your password without equating while typing on your command like,
Okay,
guys,
thank you for watching this with you.